# GroupRank

GroupRank is an analytics tool for GroupMe that ranks members of a group by popularity, calculated from the PageRank algorithm. The data generated by the tool is a list of users of the group in descending order of popularity, along with a number representing their percentage score. PageRank is an algorithm used to order Google search results, but its concepts can be applied for ordering members of a group. PageRank gives higher scores to websites which are linked to by other websites, with higher scoring websites carrying more weight. GroupRank employs the same concepts, but uses message likes between members of a group instead of links between websites. The most popular members of a group, according to GroupRank, are the ones whose messages have been liked by other members, especially ones who are more popular.

Before the program can be run, the user must
1.) Create an Application at dev.groupme.com
2.) Visit the provided Redirect URL and enter required info
3.) Store the AccessToken in a file named "GroupRankPrivateInfo.py"

After completing these steps, GroupRank will provide results for the most recent group of which the user is a member. Results for other groups may be viewed by changing the GroupIndex variable and running the program again. Since the program requires approximately a few seconds for every 1000 messages in the group, very large groups can require up to a few minutes in order to be processed. Note that excess use of the program may result in your account being suspended due to "potentially suspicious activity" until your password is reset.
